docs: improve README (#559)
nuxt/vercel-builder: README.md

[![Dependencies][david-dm-src]][david-dm-href]
[![Standard JS][standard-js-src]][standard-js-href]

`@nuxtjs/vercel-builder` is the ideal way to ship a fast, production-ready [Nuxt application](https://nuxtjs.org) that scales automatically on Vercel when using SSR rendering.

### How it works

This Vercel builder takes a Nuxt application defined by a `nuxt.config.{js|ts}` entrypoint and deploys it as a serverless function in a Vercel environment.

It features built-in caching of `node_modules` and the yarn global cache (even with dependency changes!) and multi-stage build for fast and small deployments.

### When to use it

**This package is only made for SSR applications.**

> If you wan't to deploy a statically generated Nuxt application instead, check [this guide from Vercel](https://vercel.com/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-with-vercel) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy a statically generated Nuxt application instead, check [this guide from Vercel](https://vercel.com/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-with-vercel).
```

## Setup

### Requirements

- A [Nuxt](https://nuxtjs.org) application
- A [Vercel](https://vercel.com) account

### Installation

> Add `@nuxtjs/vercel-builder` dependency to your project:

Reviewer: Vercel will install the builder separately - no need to do this.

You can also include a `tsconfig.vercel.json` file alongside your `tsconfig.json` file. The `compilerOptions` from those files, along with any `tscOptions` passed through vercel.json, will be merged and the resulting options used to compile your `nuxt.config.ts`, local modules and serverMiddleware.

### `memory`

- Type: `Number`

Pass this option if you need to customize the default memory limit of the serverless function that renders your pages.

### `maxDuration`

- Type: `Number`

Pass this option if you need to customize the max duration of the serverless function that renders your pages.

### Environment variables

Because of Nuxt [approach to environment variables](https://nuxtjs.org/api/configuration-env#process-env-), environment variables present at build time will be compiled into the lambda. They may also be required at runtime, depending on how you are consuming them.

> **Environment variables are baked in at build time. This means that if you update the variables in the Vercel dashboard, you will need to trigger a deployment again for the changes to take effect.**

Reviewer: May be worth being more explicit here about when/if variables are being baked in. Also the need to expose system environment variables for older Vercel projects.

Author: I'm not familiar enough with this to explain it further, I think you're in a better position than me to do that.
